Update syntax of How-to-extend-ballerina guide (#1364)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-www: website/two-column-pages/docs/learn/how-to-extend-ballerina.md

1. Create a Ballerina module in a Ballerina project.

2. Create a `client` object representing the connector.

> 3. Implement public remote functions to represent actions performed on remote endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Implement `public` `remote` functions to represent actions performed on remote endpoints.
```
+1 to highlight.

> 4. Build the module and push it into a registry for usage by others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Build the module and push it into a registry for others to use it.
```

import wso2/twilio;

> function main(string... args) {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
public function main(string... args) {
```

    twilio:Client twilioClient = new({
        accountSId: "",
        authToken: ""
    });

    twilio:Account account = check twilioClient->getAccountDetails();
    io:println(account);
}
```

> In this example, the endpoint is going to instantiate a `TwilioClient` object. Instantiating this requires `TwilioConfiguration` record instance to provide the authentication details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the endpoint instantiates a `TwilioClient` object. Instantiating this requires the `TwilioConfiguration` record instance to provide the authentication details.
```
Is saying "record instance" correct?

> The Twilio connector then defines a custom function `getAccountDetails()`, which is called by the end user to interact with the endpoint. The module developer will also implement a `TwilioClient:init()` method, which will be called when the endpoint is instantiated. This method establishes the connection to Twilio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Twilio connector then defines a custom function `getAccountDetails()`, which is called by the end user to interact with the endpoint. Also, you need to implement a `TwilioClient:init()` method, which will be called when the endpoint is instantiated. This method establishes the connection to Twilio.
```

### The Twilio:Client Object

> The connector is a data structure that is represented by an client `object`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The connector is a data structure that is represented by a `client` object.
```

```ballerina
public type Client client object {

    public string accountSId;
    public string xAuthyKey;
    public http:Client basicClient;
    public http:Client authyClient;

    public function __init(TwilioConfiguration twilioConfig) {
        self.init(twilioConfig);
        self.basicClient = new(TWILIO_API_BASE_URL, config = twilioConfig.basicClientConfig);
        self.authyClient = new(AUTHY_API_BASE_URL, config = twilioConfig.authyClientConfig);
        self.accountSId = twilioConfig.accountSId;
        self.xAuthyKey = twilioConfig.xAuthyKey;
    }

    # Initialize Twilio endpoint.

>     # + twilioConfig - Twilio configuraion

Reviewer 3: Better to add an empty doc line between the description and the parameter to increase the readability. Applicable to the below places as well.

    public function init(TwilioConfiguration twilioConfig);
    ...
```

> Client endpoint is similar to ordinary object, but unlike ordinary objects in client objects, the actions are performed on a remote network endpoint, hence the 'remote' keyword in method signature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `client` endpoint is similar to an ordinary object. However, unlike in ordinary objects in `client` objects, the actions are performed on a remote network endpoint. Hence, the 'remote' keyword should be used in the method signature.
```

> Similar to other objects we take our configurations parameters such as API keys, as constructor parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to other objects, `client` objects take their configurations parameters such as API keys as the values of the `constructor` parameter.
```

```ballerina

// Constant
final string BASE_URL = "https://api.twilio.com/2010-04-01";

public type Client client object {

    public string accountSId;
    public string xAuthyKey;
    public http:Client basicClient;
    public http:Client authyClient;

    public function __init(TwilioConfiguration twilioConfig) {
        self.init(twilioConfig);
        self.basicClient = new(TWILIO_API_BASE_URL, config = twilioConfig.basicClientConfig);
        self.authyClient = new(AUTHY_API_BASE_URL, config = twilioConfig.authyClientConfig);
        self.accountSId = twilioConfig.accountSId;
        self.xAuthyKey = twilioConfig.xAuthyKey;
    }

>     # Initialize Twilio endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Initialize the Twilio endpoint.
```

>     # + twilioConfig - Twilio configuraion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # + twilioConfig - The Twilio configuraion
```

>     public function init(TwilioConfiguration twilioConfig);

Reviewer 2: shouldn't we remove this too?

Reviewer 2: or maybe not, since this is the complete file.

Author: Yes, let's let it be, as it's just a function.

    ..
}

public function Client.init(TwilioConfiguration twilioConfig) {
    http:AuthConfig authConfig = {

>                             scheme: http:BASIC_AUTH,

Reviewer 3: Seems like there are too many leading spaces.

                            username: twilioConfig.accountSId,
                            password: twilioConfig.authToken
    };
    twilioConfig.basicClientConfig.auth = authConfig;
}

```

### Implement Remote Functions For Endpoint Interaction

> When you want to expose custom actions for your end users to use against the connector, we define them in the `Twilio:Client` object as remote functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you want to expose custom actions for your end users to use against the connector, define them in the `Twilio:Client` object as remote functions.
```

In our example, we added a `getAccountDetails()` function that can be invoked as part of the endpoint by the end user:

```ballerina
// Account is a custom object that represents Twilio data return values.
// The -> represents making a non-blocking worker call over the network
// twilioClient is the end user's endpoint that uses the Twilio:Client connector
// getAccountDetails() is our custom function
Twilio:Account account = check twilioClient->getAccountDetails();
```

And within the module that includes your custom connector, we have these additional items that define the custom function:

```ballerina
// Constants
final string TWILIO_ACCOUNTS_API = "/Accounts";

public remote function Client.getAccountDetails() returns Account|error {
    string requestPath = TWILIO_ACCOUNTS_API + FORWARD_SLASH + self.accountSId + ACCOUNT_DETAILS;
    var response = self.basicClient->get(requestPath);
    json jsonResponse = check parseResponseToJson(response);
    return mapJsonToAccount(jsonResponse);
}
```

> And the `Account` record is defined in twilio_types.bal file:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
And the `Account` record is defined in `twilio_types.bal` file:
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Account` record is defined in the `twilio_types.bal` file:
```
Better not start sentences with "and".

import wso2/twilio;

function main(string... args) {
    twilio:Client twilioClient = new({
        accountSId: "",
        authToken: ""
    });

    twilio:Account account = check twilioClient->getAccountDetails();
    io:println(account);
}
```

> In this example, the endpoint instantiates a `TwilioClient` object. Instantiating this requires the `TwilioConfiguration` record instance to provide the authentication details.

Reviewer 2: I don't think we need to talk about endpoint now specifically.

```suggestion
In this example, a `TwilioClient` object is instantiated. Instantiating the client requires a `TwilioConfiguration` record to provide the authentication details.
```

> The Twilio connector then defines a custom function `getAccountDetails()`, which is called by the end user to interact with the endpoint. Also, you need to implement a `TwilioClient:init()` method, which will be called when the endpoint is instantiated. This method establishes the connection to Twilio.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Twilio connector defines a remote function `getAccountDetails()`, which is called by the end user to interact with the endpoint. 

You need to implement the `TwilioClient.__init()` method, which will be called when the endpoint is instantiated. This method establishes the connection to Twilio.
```

The Twilio connector defines a remote function `getAccountDetails()`, which is called by the end user to interact with the endpoint. 

You need to implement the `TwilioClient.__init()` method, which will be called when the endpoint is instantiated. This method establishes the connection to Twilio.

### The Twilio:Client Object

The connector is a data structure that is represented by a `client` object.

```ballerina
public type Client client object {

    public string accountSId;
    public string xAuthyKey;
    public http:Client basicClient;
    public http:Client authyClient;

    public function __init(TwilioConfiguration twilioConfig) {
        self.init(twilioConfig);
        self.basicClient = new(TWILIO_API_BASE_URL, config = twilioConfig.basicClientConfig);
        self.authyClient = new(AUTHY_API_BASE_URL, config = twilioConfig.authyClientConfig);
        self.accountSId = twilioConfig.accountSId;
        self.xAuthyKey = twilioConfig.xAuthyKey;
    }

    # Initialize Twilio endpoint.
    # + twilioConfig - Twilio configuraion

>     public function init(TwilioConfiguration twilioConfig);

Reviewer 2: Shall we not expose this? The relevant function is __init. I believe this was leftover from the previous implementation.

    ...
```

> A `client` endpoint is similar to an ordinary object. However, unlike in ordinary objects in `client` objects, the actions are performed on a remote network endpoint. Hence, the 'remote' keyword should be used in the method signature.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A `client` object is similar to an ordinary object. However, unlike in ordinary objects in `client` objects, the actions are performed on a remote network endpoint. Hence, the 'remote' keyword should be used in the method signature.
```

</repositories>
```

##### Remove Some Unnecessary Files

> Remove the archetype generated `App.java` and `AppTest.java` files. They are not needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove the archetype generated by the `App.java` and `AppTest.java` files. They are not needed.
```

> And then add an xml file named `spotbugs-exclude.xml` beside `pom.xml` and add the following.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, add an XML file named `spotbugs-exclude.xml` together with the `pom.xml` and add the following.
```
